Overview
Topic

GROUP 1’s project is a website for our student community which named RMIT student network (RSN). Instead of struggling to find teammates for assignments in online or offline, RSN will be a new area for student. The same with other social networks, such as Facebook or Instagram, users can post and share things in newsfeed. Although users now are RMIT students and things are requests, not pictures and status. Moreover, the website is not only helping finding partners but also the most suitable one. Each student has their own personal information which include credit point, biography and feedback from previous team. When a student approach a post of other student, they will see all of information so that student can decide teams or person most appropriate to work with. 

RSN will be controlled be RMIT so that the transparency can be maintained. Lectures who are responsible for the class will have right to see the process of group in order to keep nothing wrong happen. Overall, RMIT student network is a credible workplace for students, parasites and lazy people need to try harder to gain others trust if they do not want to be excluded from the class. With our group, we are trying to make a prototype and hope that our project can catch RMIT’s interest. If RSN make it to be operated, it will be a memorable memory and a big milestone for us. If not, it can still be beneficial to our CV.

Motivation   
Four people of us has come up with many ideas since week 1. However, most of projects are unrealistic or unable to make at the moment. Therefore, we thought about some problems are existing at RMIT and one of them is the forming team for assignment. 

Firstly, most of students, especially students from School of Business and Management, they have a lot of coursework that require working as a group. It is a huge challenge for everyone to find suitable teammates. When using Facebook to find partners in RMIT group, it takes times to search for the related contain because it has diversity of topic. For example, accommodation and finding roommates. Moreover, not everyone uses Facebook so for people in this group is a disadvantage to them. 

Secondly, there are some risks when forming a group at the first time of a semester. Students cannot know what type or how well the collaborator is. There are many situations have been happened, such as teammates does not work effectively like they said at the beginning or the effort they spend is not equal to the group’s goals. Plus, some students are really late in forming a team or find difficult in talking with people. They will fall behind and might be insufficient time to work on the project. 

In addition, this project is trying to support RMIT students in coursework and creating a professional online workplace. It solves the problems of forming team and encouraging students to work hard and be responsible with their decision. For our career, this project will be a proof for our achievement, vision and experience to future employers.

Landscape   
Our biggest competitor is Facebook. At the moment, RMIT Vietnam society group have nearly 6000 members.
 

We can see that there is a big community with a lot of posts about different subjects. Thus, finding the post we want is like looking for a needle in a haystack. Moreover, students might miss the post that they need. Another problem is we cannot know who we will cooperate with. Most of students find that they conflict with their teammates while they are doing the assignment. That means they cannot move to another group during the assessment due to the deadline for the formation and registration of the team. 

RSN can overcome those problems by its functions. At the beginning of the semester, previous post from corresponding subject will be deleted by lectures so that we can make sure that everything in newsfeed are related to current semester. Moreover, RSN will separate each Schools of RMIT to different sections. Before viewing posts, students need to choose the School they are studying. Lastly, not like Facebook, students can look at others information which contain a brief about themselves, previous activities, credit point and feedback. The value of credit point and feedbacks are evaluated by last teammates. These segments will be a tool for students to find ideal collaborators. RSN also have the group chat section, where is a workplace for all members. They can set up deadline, upload files and conversation. 

Aims
Our target is developing a website that RMIT students can use to form group and work on assignments. As discussed above, we want to create an equitable and effective virtual environment. To achieve that purpose, we need to fulfil some specific goals. The first goal is having a prototype for demo pitch in presentation day. Next, try to gain attention from RMIT community. Finally, working on the completed website before operate it. 

Firstly, we have planned RSN since week 2 of the course. However, until week 9, we can start to make it because previous deadlines. Although our group is first year students, we are confident that we have enough experience to make a prototype. Recently, we are reading and searching for HTML resources by books and website like W3schools. Our base codes will not have professional CSS to display our website because we do not have enough time to focus on that part. The final result for first goal is having a web can steadily perform its main functions so that we can show it in presentation. 

Secondly, RSN must be approved by RMIT community which not only the teachers but also students. The presentation will be the first opportunity to introduce our project and amaze our lectures. RMIT staffs always encourages and supports students’ ideas so we can feel more self-assured to them even our product has not been perfect yet. If our project is applied, lectures will be the administrator of the website, the same with canvas. Because of that, they need to understand and agree to use RSN. Equality between people is the top priority at RMIT so everyone has right to give opinions. Not only from staffs but RSN also need to be agreed by students before going to operate. We need to point out problems to them and introduce the website. Our friends will be the first group to try and ask for their feedback. 

Finally, the last goal to fulfil our aims is having a perfect web that ready to use. When we achieve this goal, it means that we have reach our destination. At this point, RSN will have a perfect background and functions for students’ demand. However, to get from present to that objective, we need to study a lot about web programming to develop our website. Therefore, we might need support from experts or higher students to help us in this project, if it is approved. When everything is ready, we cannot wait to see how it will positively change RMIT students.



Risks
Bugs always appear in technology. It is like a fundamental issue that every programmer will face when they run their product. Especially the project that developed by beginners, we have thought about some risks that might happen when we make and operate RSN:
- Crash: Different website have different traffic for users’ requests. A low quality of website can be crashed with 1000 people access at same time. Sometimes, a big website like Facebook can be crashed, although it is recovered very fast. In the middle of semester, the numbers of students that use our website could touch around 1000 – 2000 students that use RSN at the same time. The risk of crashing cannot be avoided, if the web does not have a strong host and up-to-date source code. Students will be the most affected when RSN goes down.
- Lack of knowledge: Another problem when we work on the project is, we do not know how to fix some bugs. Not every member in our team has experience in making real product so it is very time-consuming to debug, because we need to read through a lot of senior materials and try to understand it.

Feedback
Quang: For the last 10 weeks of working together, we have gone through many issues and had a lot of meetings. To sum up, each of the group members has some feedbacks to others and these are opinions from my perspective to the group:
-	Firstly, about myself, due to my lack of time management skill and unforeseen circumstances, I usually unable to attend some of the group meeting. However, I have my team to support and put me back on track, especially when we make a prototype. Therefore, in future courses, I need to overcome my weakness and be more productive to my team.
-	About Đức, he is the one that have the most experience in various IT fields so his contribution to the project is very useful, especially in making the prototype. Moreover, he always ready to help us with his knowledge.
-	About Minh, he never refuses to learn new things. He always tries to finish the work in order to help other members. Minh is an energetic person, who want to contribute for the group as much as he can.
-	About Vĩnh, he is the most changed after this project. At the beginning of the course, he is quite slow with the team. Nevertheless, he has understood his weaknesses and tried to start his parts sooner.

Group reflection
Quang: We have gone together for whole course and nearly reached our destination. There are many up and downs in the process but we have controlled it and learnt new things. In the future, we need to improve our time management skill to avoid some disadvantaged situations like miss the meeting of the group. The most surprised event is we have finished half of the prototype for 2 weeks. It will be amazing if we have completed model in our presentation. About myself, I have learnt a lot of things about HTML and Web programming while I were doing our project. It will be an advantage for me when I study Web programming in future. Furthermore, thanks to this course, I have been more proficient in using Github. It was hard to get used to it at the beginning but the more I practice, the more helpful it is. In conclusion, I think we have been doing a great job for the whole course so I hope that our project can be finished on time so that we can present it in the demo pitch.
